Uh uh uh uh ah
ah
[music]
Uhuh
[music] Uh uh
Listen, listen to the voice of God, which version? Ah,
go, chi chi, always sad about green. Ah, Sister Lien
goes to transform humiliation, singing in the name of Minh Nguyen
Thanh Y.
Uh, Buddha pours forth, all living beings, one encounter, Ho, the master, whistle,
U Minh, Bodhisattva, earthly king, Namo,
master, smoke, Minh, Bodhisattva, earthly king,
brother,
e51, encounter, whistle, Minh, Bodhisattva, earthly king, ah ah ah,
naturally, with sincere reverence, send it with the
clouds, hidden throughout the ten directions,
also a bed, bathing in the world for life. Keeping the Island
according to the nature, cooling with the Dharma realm. Living beings,
you come from afar, Ho, Heart, Bodhisattva,
see. She only cultivates the path, Huu Vinh, far away, suffering. Sad Street, lost in delusion,
returning to the shore of enlightenment.
Nam Uong, also a bed, Bodhisattva. Namo,
offering incense, Bodhisattva. Nam, all, the bed, the cow,
all,
Vietnam. Mo Buddha, the Original Teacher, Shakyamuni. Namo, the ten
directions, the precepts, the constant master, the
Three Jewels, the Great Witness.
From today, May 14th, the year of Canh Ty,
we, your disciples, the Tran Hung Dao group,
belonging to the religion...  At the
home of Mr. Nguyen Van C, we, the devotees of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, are practicing the
three-month summer retreat
according to the vows of the monks.
Now, we, the devotees of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, are practicing the
Six Harmonious Principles. From the merits of practicing the Avalokiteshvara Sutra, from the virtuous deeds of the Three Jewels, obeying our master and the monks,
seeking to cultivate the Buddha Dharma, and from the sincere practice of the
Six Harmonious Principles, respectfully at the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, we, the devotees of the Three Jewels, and the monks of
Ba
Vang Pagoda, respectfully invite Brahma, the Four
Heavenly Kings, the Eightfold Path, the Guardian Deities, and all the
benevolent spirits and divine beings present
at this Dharma assembly to listen to the sutras and the Dharma.
We also respectfully
invite all the ancestral spirits, the
deceased, and those
with karmic connections to the Buddhist families
present at this assembly to participate
in the Dharma assembly, listen to the sutras,
and, according to their karmic affinity, partake in the offerings
that the host has presented
to us, dedicating our merits of practice to
our master.  The four
elements are in harmony, the cycle of existence is long-
lasting, protecting the four assemblies of monks,
Buddhists, and all sentient beings, so that we may
benefit from enlightenment and liberation. We pray for the
appearance of a holy being in this world, a propagator of the
true Dharma, to benefit all
beings. We pray for all sentient beings
in the six realms to have good karmic connections and follow the true path. We
pray for all
beings, including celestial beings, gods, yakshas, ​​rakshasas,
and all related beings, to abandon evil and
do good, supporting the
reduction of natural disasters, droughts, earthquakes, epidemics, crop failures, and wars in Vietnam and around the world. We pray
for
Vietnam to always have a wise and
virtuous ruler, a Bodhisattva practicing the paramitas, to lead the
country to peace,
for the people to be happy, to support the true Dharma, so that
Buddhists may live in peace and
practice diligently. We pray for our relatives
in this life to have their karmic obstacles eliminated and to
follow the true path. We pray
for our parents, relatives from many past lives and
many lifetimes, and all those
with whom we have karmic connections, to attain enlightenment, relinquish
attachments, and vow to practice diligently so that they may be
reborn in a peaceful realm.  Following the righteous
path,
we humbly present our petition to the Three Jewels, asking for their
witness and protection. May all the celestial beings and benevolent
spirits enhance the Buddha's power, acting as Dharma protectors and
supporting our practice. Namo,
witnessing Bodhisattva, Namo, ever-
protecting Bodhisattva, Namo, ever-present social Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva. (Unintelligible text) ...
in the super-white, total, standing motionless, the
world is hard to find rain, the Thu Hanh mother witnesses the
Dharma body. The vow of the child, the bitter fruit of the village, the
steps taken, but the Buddha saves those far away, the
deep heart of Phung Tran Nhu. That is called
all things eaten, what is the venerable one? Witnessing the mother
before the evil world, the card to enter the school, still a little
green, not yet a Buddha, then the child is still not. The crazy,
leaf-shaped table, Great Hero, great continent,
ambassador, because no
one presses - or causes the child to rise to
impermanence. Sitting in the river, the young man is everywhere in the ten
directions, the child may lack veils, flowers, birds
descend, never singing the
supreme mantra, ten directions Buddha, Mo,
Supreme mantra, new method. Namo, supreme mantra, ten directions, Sangha, Mo, bon, xo, listening, Ca Mau, Ni Buddha, Namo, Buddha peak, ancestor, silent, venerable
Dharma, Mo, great compassion, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva  Namo
Great Master of the Cloud-Earth Bodhisattva, Namo Great
Accomplishment, must be called Amitabha,
venerable sister, sister, visit, strike up, Namo,
listen, experience, assembly before the Buddha, intentionally, ah, ah,
now, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, stand up. It
should be, the Buddha's feet, say, "I will
remember, far away, in past lives, there was a Buddha Avalokiteshvara,
where He made the Bodhisattva's mind,
this lamp rises, listens to the Dharma, contemplates, cultivates, and
enters the magnificent Hall of Wisdom." It should be, the five
senses, the ear faculty, are perfectly understood, because of the Bodhisattva. See the street, the
Bodhisattva II, ah, a
kiss, naturally transcends the world, transcends the world,
transforms into the ten directions, the two mantras, the victory,
one leaf, above, combines the ten directions, the Buddha, the kite, the enlightened mind,
also the Buddha, the Tathagata, the first, the thread of
power, or below, combines the ten directions, sentient
beings, together with sentient beings, one heart, beautifully,
go to visit. It should be, Namo, thinking, the root,
transforming, Great Compassion, I will, the
Bodhisattva, in the White Virtue, I receive, I also like the Avalokiteshvara, the Tathagata,
transformed, the Dharma, the Hall, offering, the text, the teachings, the text, the cultivation, the offering, the
Buddha, the Tathagata, one sheet, in power, the
body, the kite, responding to the
journey, the path, visit. It should be, Namo, ear faculty, perfectly understood, Great Compassion, Avalokiteshvara.
Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara,
ah,
at the peak of the White Buddha, Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara, in the
supreme tower, manifests as a
Buddha, so that for the sake of transgression, one may be
liberated and visit. It should be the Southern Gate, the ear faculty, the perfect understanding, the great compassion of
Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
If the virtuous and studious nature of the Buddha, the wondrous and victorious Kite of Xuanyuan, the virtuous son, is
about to be
liberated and visit. It should be the
Namo, the ear faculty, the perfect understanding, the great compassion of Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
If the karmic connection of the twelve links of
dependent origination is severed, the victorious Kite of Xuanyuan, the virtuous son, is about to be born, so that for the sake of transgression, one may be
liberated and visit. It should be the Southern Gate, the ear faculty, the perfect understanding, the great compassion of
Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
If the filial and virtuous soul, the true principle
of the emptiness of the karmic path, the righteous path of the karmic destruction, the victorious Kite of Xuanyuan, the
virtuous son, is born, so that for the sake of
transgression, one may be liberated and visit. It
should be the five gates, the ear faculty, the perfect understanding, the great compassion of
Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
If there is a common birth, knowing the heart, using the emptiness of the karmic path, the karmic body of the
virtuous son, the virtuous son, is about to be
liberated and visit.  Ideally, I would like to chant the name of the
Great Compassionate Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
If I had a choice, I would want to be a
celestial lord, a messenger at the end of heaven, a child born to listen
to the transgressions of the Buddha, and achieve
enlightenment through the
Buddha's teachings. I would pay homage to the Great Compassionate Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
Yes, if there were the word "birth," I would want to be free to roam
the ten directions, and I would be connected to the Great Compassionate Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara. I would be present in the
heavens, and I would speak of transgressions, thus achieving enlightenment through the
Buddha's teachings. Ideally, I would chant the name of the Great Compassionate Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
Yes, if there were the word "birth," I would want to be free to fly
in the rain, no longer connected, and I would be present in the
heavens, a great compassionate Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara. I would be present in the heavens, and I would speak of transgressions, thus achieving enlightenment through the
Buddha's teachings. Ideally, I would chant the name of the Great Compassionate Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
Yes, if there were sentient beings who wanted to communicate with ghosts and
save the world, I would be born into a virtuous and wise general, born
through transgressions, thus achieving enlightenment through the Buddha's teachings. Ideally, I would chant the name of the Great Compassionate Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara. Yes, yes ... the
word "green," I would want to be enlightened and fall into the color of
Ho Tuan Linh, then I would be a mad son of the virtuous Heavenly King, born
through transgressions.  To achieve
intellectual enlightenment, one should recite the name of the
Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara. If there are sentient
beings who wish to ascend to heaven, they should also keep the
true treasure, the virtuous son of the celestial
butterfly, born because of transgression, thus achieving intellectual
enlightenment. One should recite the name of the Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
Ah,
yes, if there are sentient beings who wish to become
virtuous sons of the king, because they transgress, they should achieve intellectual enlightenment. One should
recite the name of the Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
If there are sentient beings who consider the totality of the treasures, the
virtuous son should give way to the eldest son,
because of transgression, thus achieving intellectual enlightenment. One should recite the name of the
Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
If there are sentient beings who like to speak famous sayings,
living in waiting for purity, the virtuous son should be a savior, because of
transgression, achieving intellectual enlightenment. One should recite the name of the Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
Yes, if ... those who drift far away like a boatman,
judging political affairs of the country, the virtuous son should come
because of feudalism. One should recite the name of the Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
The Great Compassionate Avalokiteshvara
Bodhisattva,
if there are those who are knowledgeable in the art of
nurturing and preserving the greenness, I
will offer myself as a disciple to achieve
enlightenment and attain wisdom. It is fitting to say, "Namo, the Great Compassionate Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva." If there are those who uphold the
precepts and practice the teachings, I will manifest myself as a nun,
so that those who speak of transgressions may achieve
enlightenment. It is fitting to say, "Namo, the Great Compassionate Avalokiteshvara
Bodhisattva,
if there are sentient beings who listen attentively to the precepts, I
will make them deeply aware of the teachings, whether they love the Bodhisattva or the
Bodhisattva, so that the path of enlightenment may be
attained. It is fitting to say, "Namo, the Great Compassionate Avalokiteshvara
Bodhisattva,
if there are those who are receptive to the teachings and establish a life of self-cultivation, I
will offer myself as a female deity, a
queen, a great lady, so that the path of
enlightenment may be attained." It is fitting to say, "
Namo, the Great Compassionate Avalokiteshvara
Bodhisattva,
if there are sentient beings who do not perish, I will manifest myself.  The male disciple,
because of speaking of transgression,
achieved wisdom through insight. It should be Namo, the ear-root, the Great
Compassionate Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.
Yes, if there is a pure fire protecting the body,
without water or ginseng, the child appears as a young girl,
because of speaking of transgression, achieved wisdom through insight. It should be
Namo, the ear-root, the Great Compassionate Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva. If there is a celestial being, a dragon, a yaksha, a ghoul, the autumn leaves quickly embody wisdom,
with form or without form, with appearance or
without imagination, in the heart, the wish to save
fellow beings, the virtuous child transforms into a mother, because the path of
transgression achieves wisdom, permeates the path of the young disciple, the distant, profound, compassionate Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.
Yes, so, the three or wine of love manifest in
the work, remembering the Samadhi of Literary Merit, the
literary merit, the non-action, the wondrous power, to achieve
wisdom. It should be Namo, the young disciple, the writing, the great compassion Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva. At the White Virtue World Honored One, I
also rely on the always-standing, always-standing
green sword, the Samadhi of non-action, the wondrous
power, so that I also have ten blessings for three lifetimes later.
He, the teacher, the sentient beings move, one goes forth,
causing sentient beings to speak, the body, the mind, the child is able to attain enlightenment.
14 Unintentional Formulas of Mindful
Consciousness It should be Namo, the perfect understanding of the ear root, Great Compassion,
because the more
you hear, the more you hear, the more you hear, the
rabbit's nature, causing suffering throughout the ten directions, sentient
beings hear the ear root dissolving and
are freed from the mind's visit. It should be Namo, the perfect understanding of the ear
root, Great Compassion, Avalokiteshvara, my dear, the
young think and see, helping sentient beings, the
basket encounters a great fire, half white, the body welcomes the point. It should be
Namo, the perfect understanding of the ear root,
Great Compassion, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, the swirling
hearing returns, causing sentient beings, wind
encounters great water, cannot rely on a
sparrow ...
prediction destroys the warrior, the mind does not kill,
causing sentient beings to be drawn into the water, the demon
cannot mix, the visit. It should be Namo, the perfect understanding of the ear root, Great Compassion,
Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, the practice of hearing becomes
miraculous, the six wings disintegrate because hearing has closed the body
with the ear root dissolving, so the war escapes to invade
under the telephone, how broken into pieces like a
sword cutting water, wind blowing, light
returning, the same, how wisdom visits. It should be Namo, the perfect understanding of the ear root, Great Compassion, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva  The
Bodhisattva
still shows compassion, illuminating and
dispelling the darkness of war for sentient beings, because it is precious,
as if it were erasing the ravages and saving them from suffering. The old
man in the big city is still
nearby, carrying the same wisdom, visiting without changing. It should be,
Namo, the Great Compassionate Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
Yes, the pure and pure one uses hearing to
escape the illusions, causing sentient beings to
escape the diligent and flowing path. It should be,
Namo, the Great Compassionate Bodhisattva
Avalokiteshvara,
when destroying the sound, the pure and pure, the green power of the mind,
causing sentient beings to pass through the path of natural
calculation, the bandits and robbers, visiting. It should be,
Namo, the Great Compassionate
Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara, yes, yes, the joyful and pure, the
worldly, not scolding, the bright and harmonious,
causing all seeing that has invaded sentient beings to leave behind greed and the
gun. It should be,
Namo, the Great Compassionate Bodhisattva
Avalokiteshvara, the pure and pure, the
worldly, the harbor of the sea, the
unchanging skull, when the teacher
divides the hatred, causing sentient beings to leave behind anger and suffering. It
should be, Namo, the
Great Compassionate Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara, II,
the standards of enlightenment.  The item beneath the body,
like a jade willow, transparent, without
fear or perception, like a marriage, a funeral, a
lack of money, a distant separation, a hidden meaning. It
should be, Namo, the small root, the perfect, compassionate,
Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva. Ah, the writer has a refined appearance, returning to the nature of the mind, unmoved, not clinging to the world, not outside the world, just like the Ten Directions. The Buddha, the Tran Nhu, again speaks of each, becoming the Dharma King, from sentient beings, no longer
wishing for a son, then giving birth to a son, merit, virtue,
wisdom. It should be, Namo, the small root, the perfect, compassionate, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva,
in the six senses, perfect intelligence,
illuminating the ten directions, establishing the great, perfect, emptiness, Tathagata,
temporarily inheriting, following the Ten Directions. The
Tran Nhu again, the secret Dharma, the
rabbit, the emptiness, attracting sentient beings, no longer
wishing for a daughter, then giving birth to a daughter. The virtuous, the Thuan, the
form, avoiding,
everyone respects and loves. It should be, Namo, the thinking
root, the perfect, compassionate, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva,
in the three thousand great thousand worlds, the
hundred manifestations, the sun, the white eyes. Offering,
whether bad or oppressive, far from
Brahma, slowly speaks. Better to be like Mars, sentient beings, wisdom, though following the
Thuan, the direction.  White copper, the
child has been given telecommunications, biting hands, kite flying,
after the body, the
wondrous mind, the method of the realm, let us see sentient beings,
only name, the child serves with people,
only deep two countries, countless names,
not standing, two people equal, not
examining the body, painting
A1, the phone, merit quickly with
many names, because the child has practiced, the true
telecommunications, the wisdom, striking up, Namo, the root of
telecommunications, great compassion, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, the virtuous body, the child
collects,
thinking, biting, writing, understanding, attaining the supreme enlightenment, the student, the
path, four, unburied, wondrous virtue, inconceivable, sincere heart,
striking up, Namo, the root of perfect understanding, great Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, ah ah
ah, because the child has received wine, wine, still mind, mind
calm, escaping the root, seeing, writing, sticking, no
longer separated, becoming one,
perfect, bright, the child can manifest many
forms, trembling, even if stained, the child can speak
many bodies, residing or offering, one head, three heads, five heads,
flying heads, nine heads, eleven heads, up
to 108 heads, where, the first game, eight games, four
thousand heads, like diamonds, two hands, four trees, bad, drunk,
white hands, 10  12 hands, 14 hands, 16 hands,
18 hands, 20 hands, up
to 24 hands, 108 hands, a thousand hands, and
hands touching, 4,000 hands making mudras, 3 eyes,
luckier than 9 eyes, eating like that until 108
eyes, a thousand eyes, and 8 eyes, 4,000 eyes. Father,
green love, or me, or outward, or love, spreading,
saving sentient beings, great compassion,
low intelligence. It should be, Namo, the root of the mind, far-reaching,
because Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva,
in the place of hearing and thinking, has escaped after the dust,
like warmth dissolving, passing through the wall of emptiness.
Eating day by day, therefore skillfully manifesting
many forms and many mantras, causing sentient beings to
briefly ask. Erase,
because it is late. Ten Directions, Vy Tran Quoc, the son, called the doctor, careless, heartless. It should be, Namo, the root of
the mind, perfect understanding, great compassion, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, invites the son to practice the four wonders of thinking, biting, far-reaching, a basin of cloth. Becoming a province until the son
teaches the high heavens. Yes, the world, or seeing sentient beings, uttering the sound. The mind, searching, shooting, true, into the sentence, still feeling compassion, only permeates. It should be, Namo, the root of the mind, perfect understanding, great compassion. Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, invites the son to practice, striking, four
wonders of thinking, biting, far-reaching, a basin of cloth. Becoming a province
until the son teaches the high heavens. Yes,
the world, or seeing sentient beings, uttering,
San, searching, shooting, true, into the sentence, still feeling,
only feeling compassion. It should be, Namo, the root of the mind, near  Cutting off
telecommunications, Great Compassionate Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva
[music]
Uh uh
when the egg part of the heart reaches the dog, the ultimate salvation
can come. The night of the ominous report, the ten
directions, the Tathagata, after the peach. Sentient beings everywhere, the
Dharma, the search for a wife, the child, the
stork, avoiding the night, avoiding the form, the
long life, living long, until the
great boy knows, the friend, the great practice of profound wisdom. It
should be, the Southern Gate, the ear root, perfect understanding, the great Bodhisattva,
adding more truth
in the part of the Far-reaching Telecommunication, the child from biting the hand, the perfect
illumination, Samadhi, the karmic connection, the heart, at one,
entering the stream, the sorrow, entering the peak,
achieving the father, that is to be unified, permeated. It should be,
Namo, ear root, perfect understanding,
Great Compassionate Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva. Hey,
you, don't be able to honor the part of Avalokiteshvara, praise the
child, skillful in the telecommunications. The Dharma gate
in the great assembly, let the child understand, the Avalokiteshvara's
song. The child sees and hears the ten directions of
Vietnam, so Avalokiteshvara resounds
throughout the ten directions of the world, wisdom, the way,
Namo, ear root, perfect understanding, then the Bodhisattva,
now the Buddha, where the lion is radiating, and
hands and feet are in harmony. The aura around, far-reaching, the
crown of the head, ten directions, as if again, breaking.  The
king, from the Bodhisattvas of the Ten Directions, the
Tathagatas, and from the five realms of equal rank, surround the
one who is skilled in the peak of the head,
and the Bodhisattvas and Arhats in the
assembly of the forest, wearing dresses and candy, the Dharma sound and
light intertwine like a blood-red thread. The great assembly
is healed, and whenever there is all the
Golden Pure Samadhi, a sudden
rain of white flowers falls, testing the lotus, and
there, the white light flutters and flies. The ten
directions of language do not form color, clouds, blood, mountains,
rivers, land, the world of the Saha world, pressing and blowing
continuously. Only the Ten Directions of the Pure Land, the
national road, do not form a single wing of the pure warmth, the peaceful
song, naturally, in a moment, the
path of the path, the reason, Namo, the ear root, perfect understanding, being afflicted by Avalokiteshvara
Bodhisattva, yes, yes, the suffering is
liberated, how wonderful, Avalokiteshvara
in the throat, the distant sword,
because the smoke of the Buddha is met again, from there, permeated, nourishing, a little peace, joy, wisdom, visiting the path,
Namo,
thinking, biting, great compassion, Avalokiteshvara
Bodhisattva, yes, yes,
in the wine, the sound of Avalokiteshvara, the sound of the ocean,
saving the world, truly safe, transcending the world, being
loved, the heart, the mind, rightly, Namo, ear root, perfect understanding,
great  Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara,
yes, from still the Fourfold Sutra, entering the magnificent peak, is that alright? The wondrous nature of the moon is
difficult, the bright light
shines, the bamboo stream is short, the bamboo stream is without cause, from a brief response to the collective cause, the
invading head, the precious membrane, the bitter
cold, the great compassion. Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara enjoys the realm of the Dao,
quickly, will finish the day, the father sees,
hears, and feels pity, the great power is truly profound, far
away, the
Nguyen poetry gathering for us. One is to quickly gather, the
tower is quickly attaining non-birth, body and mind are
peaceful. Six bites, the city is a gentle, one, the great
general, the complete ocean
at four, the long day, three leaves, the green leaf, the
knife. The army gathers, the purple song, once passed through the hand,
will not forget the four leaves, merit, young wisdom. The majestic
body, the sun, the roots,
bare feet, sour sea. The Dharma falls, the leaves on the bridge, the
island below. The sentient beings, the Brahma-conduct,
early choose the three cycles, no bad feelings, is the
true uprooting. The victory is too great, so
here is to develop a mind to practice the
original conduct. The eight treasures, the hand of Buddha's
Dharma, widespread throughout the world, the group is to develop a mind to
give birth from Rach Trang, we are complete. Pho Hien, the
endless Xuan, nine is to be before the
Buddha, the crippled century, ten is to be greedy, the divine compassion.
With short, six-fold understanding, together with all sentient beings, whispering about the path of
enlightenment, it should be:
Namo, the mind's root of profound understanding, the great compassion of Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva. Ah, ah, ah, ah, the will and heart should be: Namo, the ear's root of perfect understanding, the great compassion of Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva. Ah, ah, ah, ah, the will and heart pay homage, Namo, the ear's root of perfect
understanding, the great compassion of
Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva. With love overflowing, we kneel, just as we do. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, Vietnam. The ten directions of the Dharma realm, the ever-present Lord, the Three-fold witness, the Great Witness, brother. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni,
we respectfully ask all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and Virtuous Saints to witness and protect
us.
We ask for the support of all celestial beings and divine spirits, so that we may dedicate the blessings according to our hearts' offerings.
Today, we come to the celestial beings, gods, and Dharma protectors to support the
Dharma assembly and the
spiritual spirits we have invited. We respectfully offer the
offerings of food and drink. We
offer these to the
ten directions of Buddhas, for their witness.
We respectfully offer...  May the Bodhisattvas, the
Sages, and the Holy Heart bear witness.
We offer our offerings to the Dharma Protectors, the
celestial beings, and the divine spirits. We ask
for the blessings and power of the Buddha. We respectfully
invite and offer our offerings to all the
ancestral spirits, both paternal and
maternal, on the land where
the family of the devotee Nguyen Van C resides, and
all the spirits that we
have invited. All the spirits
currently who have a karmic connection with the Dharma assembly, the
51 members, and the one who has entered, are all gone. Just to end the
Three Silver Trigrams, the Three Ladies, the Hong family, Namo, and have
dissolved and connected, just to the pure and pure group,
why, Namo, and very intertwined, then the sister
came to the Three Silver Trigrams to visit the wife, Namo, and has,
and it only craves the silver,
why, Namo, and expensive, and just to let the sister
come to the Three Silver Trigrams to visit and I, Namo, and has
dissolved and it only to do the Three Silver Trigrams,
Namo, and has entered, what to let your heart
visit and go to Hong, the transforming water, making a
car, lot 3, already  We have trimmed the Three Todo
robot cars, robot cars in distant places, and southern robot cars.
He has now made money, participating in the Toro Toro Toro robot car sales,
35 cars that have already gone. Three
Todo robot cars have been sold, expensive Toro Toro robot cars, and
Toyota robot cars in
distant places and southern robot cars. Toro Toro robot cars
have been applied to the Three Todo lotto lotto sales, solo lotto sales,
is a distant and city with a bed, a message,
listening to the sun 83, recognizing the
sun, heart and the heat after the sun. Three
Ba, through the heat, storm, sun 83,
Vietnam
project, conscience and heat, why sell
sun 83, Silver, why the sun, heart
into the Development, human world, lake, Namo Buddha, original teacher,
Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha, original teacher, Shakyamuni,
module I, Namo Buddha, Original Teacher, Love Song,
Mony,
Anh Phuc Nguyen, Vietnam, Namo
Buddha, original teacher, Shakyamuni, module
I, so that we may ask Huyen to grant the trust of
Nguyen Van An, Nguyen Van B, to be
cured of illness. We respectfully ask for the
merit of giving alms to the family of
Nguyen.  The text, built with the aspiration of the Chau
family, expresses the belief that blessings and auspicious events will increase. The
handwritten words destroy the bonds of kinship and practice virtue. The chanting of the
path of compassion, Namo Buddha, and the
four masters of Shakyamuni Buddha, from which we
still follow the teachings of our brother,
from the realm of learning, the rain of truth, the
practice of deep-seated virtue, the lightness of the flower,
we pray for this present moment
and wish to seek it deeply. If we encounter our past dreams,
money, cheats, and knowledge, Thu Nguyen, beautiful,
virtuous, and virtuous in Ho Chi Minh City, 8, the flower, the battle, the
Buddha's teachings spread throughout the world, and
we, ourselves and others, return home and supreme enlightenment
manifest in this moment. We wish to Key,
when roasting in the 8 treasures, establishing the law, each bowl of the
law is long and liberating, progressing for all
beings, joyfully awakening thousands of words
of benefit to humanity and heaven. We pray for the saint's name to soon be known, which Tran will lead all beings, teaching liberation, the aspiration for the long-lasting, harmonious, and far-reaching path of the Four Great Elements, the righteous Buddha, which will benefit all sentient beings, Nguyen, to
see all the
immortals and true beings, along with our virtuous parents
in this life, and wish to seek before our relatives and
loved ones, and other spirits, to offer up our
ancestors, our karmic creditors, and our family.  The
temple is blessed with the Three Jewels of
Buddhism, and together we, the disciples, are seeking the support of the
Buddha and the Dharma, assisting each other in cultivating the path to enlightenment. We also pray for the prosperity of
Buddhism
throughout the world, for
Vietnam to always have a wise and benevolent ruler, and for the country to always have a
warm and peaceful heart, like the time of King Tran Nhan
Tong. May the country prosper and be
peaceful, and may we all be blessed with the virtues of Buddhism. We pray for peace and harmony,
for the people to be at peace, and for world peace.
We pray that all beings may attain Buddhahood. We humbly offer
this prayer, dedicating the merits to the Buddha, for the long-lasting blessings of the Buddha, for the destruction of life
...  Our family, Mrs.
Thang Phuc, is seeking enlightenment in the Buddha Dharma.
Abandoning the practice of offering sacrifices and dedicating money
to the practice of offering sacrifices, we, along with our
chosen Dharma women, practice virtuous deeds,
beautifully transmit the Dharma, and guide sentient
beings towards supreme enlightenment. We dedicate this merit
to our entire family, so that we may not fall into
these karmic traps, and we dedicate
this merit to all beings, so that they may be safe and
happy, following the righteous path. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. May all sentient beings,
lacking the wind of the great path, develop a greater
aspiration for enlightenment. May all sentient beings
enter the scriptures and attain
wisdom as vast as the ocean.
May all sentient beings be united in the great assembly,
seeing no day without rebirth.
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause
]
[Music]